feat: branchPrefixOld (#15591)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

    This setting does not change the default _onboarding_ branch name, i.e. `renovate/configure`.
    If you wish to change that too, you need to also configure the field `onboardingBranch` in your global bot config.

> ## branchPrefixOld

Reviewer: Is the text still correct now that you made code changes?

Author: you are right, we do need to add something about an existing open PR with `branchPrefixOld`.
that said, what we already have is still relevant though

    This setting does not change the default _onboarding_ branch name, i.e. `renovate/configure`.
    If you wish to change that too, you need to also configure the field `onboardingBranch` in your global bot config.

## branchPrefixOld

Renovate checks branch names to see if an update PR was created before.
Open PR will continue to be updated until it is merged or closed unmerged.

> If you closed this PR, it is ignored and won't be recreated.

Author: This might need a change as well, seems off in this context
WDYT ?

Use this option to ignore PR created with `branchPrefixOld`.

> Best used with the `branchPrefix` setting.

Author: line 321 might need a change as well, seems off in this context
WDYT ?

Reviewer: I'm not happy with the new texts. The sentences don't feel properly linked together conceptually. So the whole section needs to be looked at and fixed. 😉 

I'll let the maintainers check the technical accuracy first, before I make suggestions that don't match the code. 🙈

Reviewer 2: i think this is technically right, but can be more detailed.

> Renovate checks branch names to see if an update PR was created before.
> Open PR will continue to be updated until it is merged or closed unmerged.
> If you closed this PR, it is ignored and won't be recreated.
> Use this option to ignore PR created with `branchPrefixOld`.
> Best used with the `branchPrefix` setting.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Renovate uses branch names as part of its checks to see if an update PR was created previously, and already merged or ignored.
If you change `branchPrefix`, then no previously closed PRs will match, which could lead to Renovate recreating PRs in such cases.
Instead, set the old `branchPrefix` value as `branchPrefixOld` to allow Renovate to look for those branches too, and avoid this happening.
```

Reviewer 3: @HonkingGoose wdyt?

Reviewer: I like it!
